<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
                template="greeting.xhtml">

    <!-- menu -->

    <ui:define name="dependingOnstate">

        Hi,  #{loggedInContestant.contestantName}.

        <br/>

        The screening test for Therap Java Fest will start on 20-Sep-2012 08:00pm.

        <br/>

        <br/>

        Until then, you can familiarise yourself with the rules and regulations of the screening test:



        <ul>
            <li>
                The screening test is comprised of multiple choice questions only, each having a single correct answer.
            </li>
            <li>
                The screening test can only be taken within 20-Sep-2012 08:00pm to 21-Sep-2012 08:00pm.
            </li>
            <li>
                <span style="font-weight:bold;">The duration of the screening test is</span> <span style="font-weight:bold;color:red"> 50 minutes </span>
            </li>
            <li>
                You can only take the screening test <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">once</span>.
            </li>
            <li>
                You will get one question at a time. You will get a fixed period of time to answer it. If you fail to answer it within
                that time, you will be forwarded to the next question. Each question may have different allotted time.
            </li>
            <li>
                You answer a question by selecting an option and clicking the "Submit Answer" button. After you submit an answer, you will
                be automatically forwarded to the next question.
            </li>
            <li>
                If you click the "Submit Answer" button without selecting and option, you will be forwarded to the next question.
                <br/>
                <span style="color:red;font-weight:bold;">Beware! If you do so, it will be counted as an incorrect answer and you will not be able to answer that question again.</span>
            </li>
            <li>
                <span style="color:red;font-weight:bold;">You do not have the option to skip a question and then return again to answer it.</span>
            </li>
            <li>
                You can manually end the test by clicking the "End Test" button.
                <br/>
                <span style="color:red;font-weight:bold;">Beware! If you click the "End Test" button you will not be able to take the screening test again.</span>
            </li>
        </ul>

        <br/>




    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
