<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib" xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
                template="guestTemplate.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="post">
            <h2 class="title">About Therap Java Fest</h2>

            <p class="meta"></p>

            <div class="entry">

                <p>Therap (BD) Ltd. is hosting an online Java Festival for students of public and private universities,
                    all over the country! We are looking to bring out the talent in the field of programming and
                    interest them to explore the world of possibilities that Java opens up for them.
                    This will be a great platform for tomorrow’s code builders to step into real life-like software
                    development scenarios where they will be able to work through a complete software development
                    life cycle starting from project proposal to implementation. If you think you have what it takes
                    to take up the challenge and get into the world of Java.</p>

                <p>You have great prizes to look forward to if you make your mark!</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>First prize : Two Apple iPad 3 16GB</li>
                    <li>Second prize : Two Google Nexus 7 16GB</li>
                    <li>Third prize : Two Amazon Kindle Touch</li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="post">
            <h2 class="title">About Therap</h2>

            <p class="meta"></p>

            <div class="entry">

                <p>Therap BD subsidiary of Therap Services, LLC. is a web-based service organization that provides
                    an integrated solution for documentation, reporting and communication needs of agencies providing
                    support to people with developmental disabilities. Therap BD has an excellent team with an expertise
                    in Java. Therap's State of Art Technology, Integrated Suite of Online Applications and Excellent
                    Global Team have collectively made Therap the market leader in the Developmental Disablility
                    Industry in US.</p>

                <p>Therap BD currently has the highest number of Java experts in Bangladesh and encourages freshers
                    with an interest in Java to explore, innovate and acheive new heights with their skills.
                    Therap BD not only provides the oppurtunity to develop interpersonal skills but offers enjoyable
                    working experience and the field to discover oneself to the immense scope Java has to offer.</p>

            </div>
        </div>

    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="sidebar">

        <li>
            <h2 class="sidebarheader">Facebook Page</h2>

            <p> Join us on <a
                    href="http://www.facebook.com/therapjavafest"> Facebook</a> for regular updates and event specifics!
            </p>
        </li>
        <li>
            <h2 class="sidebarheader">Google group</h2>

            <p> Keep an eye on our Google<a
                    href="https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en&amp;fromgroups#!forum/therap-java-fest"> Groups</a> Groups for interesting ideas and discussions.
            </p>
        </li>
        <li>
            <h2 class="sidebarheader">Blog</h2>

            <p>Curious about how people are loving the festival? Check out the <a
                    href="http://therapjavafest.blogspot.com"> blogs</a> for narratives from the participants and the host!
            </p>
        </li>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>



